who is Ryan people don't bring anyone
love into this no more motherfucker sir
you gotta buy into the kool-aid you have
to drink it all first get on board okay
touching your body all over be like all
I do is come on this woman all day every
day do you think they have small
children at home these types no look I
know these people have nothing in their
lives then hold them down you get so
much free time see how much free time to
be able to engage in ten toes nothing
but nothing but time yeah yeah okay
what's our heart is nothing - but Jimmy
he's really nothing in an urn no way
sure is it a dry rub like the rub rub
guy well that's that is there that would
help but I don't think that's what's
happening but no but he says you can
have an orgasm
inside the rub rub rub guy yeah you can
and I don't I don't doubt that but yeah
that'll doubt that but pacification
robbery rah rah yeah you know what's the
problem with all this stuff is that you
know I am happy when people find
happiness in horse shit like this but if
they're paying money to go to a seminar
100 percent yeah and it's like a
thousand dollars a day to learn how to
come hug rock yeah it's like oh fuck
don't start taking advantage of these
poor souls who just need Jesus that's
how they make their money
taking advantage we're like it'd be
great to come when I hug if only there
were a seminar I kept and out of the
knowledge alone when I come I could come
and publish when I probably might day
way better I mean honestly I'm thinking
about that to do that would be great if
I'd be like you mean I can just start
giving hugs down start coming yeah
that'd be great but of course there's
the part of my brain that goes oh that's
not happening
you're not going to do that of course
well and also don't you think it's
really messy you have come in your pants
all day oh yeah
it's not and that happens every time you
hug you can't like your MA hon your mom
your dad like that okay okay well what
if that's the gift is that you can come
hug but it's everybody its
indiscriminate come hugging so you have
your mother hello you're coming your dad
you're coming now you can also hug you
know Josh Potter your retarded I think
his phrasing is just I go retarded
fucking amazing hi be retarded
okay but but listen you like the feature
of the come hug but it has to be
indiscriminate that's a problem that's a
real problem
it's why I'm going to keep not coming
when I hug because I do want to be
discreet but you like the come hug is
what I'm saying I do like the concept of
a comma right yeah so would you rather
have the come hug but it's in the whole
time you know whoever ever all my
friends I come on Ryan I come on Ari
full charge Joe yeah although I wish
that my hugging my come on yeah you say
I had Ally the colonies towards I close
come or be retarded I mean it's a real
simple I'd go retarded might be
returning it for sure what would you do
oh well a woman's orgasm is a little
more discreet and I won't have a load in
my pants yeah but you'd have I don't see
my right way that thing where people
feel like what's you have to deal with
every time anything like what's going on
you have to be like second you have to
finish coming as they go like throw know
their hands will go like all right like
yeah all right my hands kind of back off
you here you go yeah so um good to see
you
and then they're like I don't know
because then everybody would feel like
maybe like a it's a little
presumptuous to think she just came in
my arms all right but they would think
something's wrong with you right but I
could lie and tell them that I'm having
seizures and it's induced by touch it's
a touch seizure
they won't nobody will know now here's
the one problem because I don't see
family who cares my mom's dead I'll
never hug her but hugging my son that's
the problem
oh yeah that's a lifetime of come hugs
with our boy I can't do that I'm not
cool that's true that's the one reason I
choose retarded just for that yep
otherwise I would come hug I don't care
[Music]